fix: search form cards structure (#52)
MovingBlocks/ModuleSite: modules/Gooey Example/index.md

tags: "Logic"
---

> No information available for this module.The information will be available in upcoming updates. You can have more details about this module [here](https://github.com/Terasology)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there's no information available for this module. Please, refer to the method repo in [here](https://github.com/Terasology) for details.
```

Author: done
